docs: update readme with new modules, fix badges (#965)
twitch4j/twitch4j: README.md

## Modules

**Project**

| Module             | Description                                  |
|--------------------|----------------------------------------------|

> | chat               | Chat                                         |
> | eventsub-common    | EventSub (can be used for Webhook-Transport) |
> | eventsub-websocket | EventSub (WebSocket-Transport)               |
> | helix              | REST-API                                     |
> | pubsub             | PubSub                                       |
> | graphql            | GraphQL `unofficial`                         |
> | kotlin             | Kotlin Support                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| chat               | Chat (IRC)                                   |
| eventsub-common    | EventSub (can be used for Webhook-Transport) |
| eventsub-websocket | EventSub (WebSocket & Conduits)              |
| helix              | REST-API                                     |
| pubsub             | PubSub                                       |
| graphql            | GraphQL (unofficial)                         |
| kotlin             | Kotlin Extensions                            |
```
